Added notes by @rwidom in CONTRIBUTING.md (#322)
WordPress/openverse: CONTRIBUTING.md

[List of Good First Issues](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-catalog+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-api+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-frontend+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+-label%3A%22%E2%9B%94+status%3A+blocked%22+-label%3A%22%F0%9F%94%92+staff+only%22+)

### 🤗 Friendly note for new comers

1. It is totally ok and even encouraged to do more than one "[good first issue](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-catalog+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-api+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-frontend+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+-label%3A%22%E2%9B%94+status%3A+blocked%22+-label%3A%22%F0%9F%94%92+staff+only%22+)"

> 2. Maintainers could also use help with writing up issues too. If you see something that could be worked on, there's a [template](https://github.com/WordPress/openverse-frontend/issues/new?assignees=&labels=🖼️+aspect%3A+design%2C✨+goal%3A+improvement%2C+🚦+status%3A+awaiting+triage&template=feature_request.md&title=<Replace+this+with+actual+title>) to help write it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All are welcome to write issues and the Openverse maintainers have deep gratitude for those who do. If you see something that could be worked on, each repository has a set of issue templates to help you get started writing issues:
  * [`WordPress/openverse-frontend`](https://github.com/wordpress/openverse-frontend/issues/new/choose).
  * [`WordPress/openverse-api`](https://github.com/wordpress/openverse-api/issues/new/choose)
  * [`WordPress/openverse-catalog`](https://github.com/wordpress/openverse-catalog/issues/new/choose)
  * [`WordPress/openverse`](https://github.com/wordpress/openverse/issues/new/choose)
```

> 3. Providing feedback on any pull request is welcome too, and you can start by just asking questions! It's great for getting to know the project and a good way to help others by having them question their own assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. New contributors are welcome and invited to provide feedback on pull requests. You can start by just asking questions! It's great to get to know the project and helps PR authors by uncovering unspoken or undocumented assumptions that exist about the project. It is frequently folks who know the least about and are newest to a project that ask the most helpful questions in this regard.
```

> 4. Don't hesitate to ask for help! In slack or in a draft PR, if you're stuck, we're here for you. Everyone is learning and thinking things through all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Don't hesitate to ask for help! In [WordPress Make Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/) or in a draft PR, if you're stuck, we're here for you. Everyone is learning and thinking things through all the time. Each Openverse repository has an `@` alias you can ping for help in any issue or pull request, draft or otherwise:
  * `@WordPress/openverse-api`
  * `@WordPress/openverse-catalog`
  * `@WordPress/openverse-frontend`
  * etc.
```

> 5. On the technical side, there are a ton of just recipes to help you out. If you run just on its own in any repo, it will show you what recipes are available and what they do. just lint, just test, just recreate, we all run these so frequently!

Reviewer: It would probably be good to quote, `just` here, to clarify it is a tool, not an adverb :slightly_smiling_face: I also thought adding an example of how to run `just` "by itself" would be a good idea as I'm not sure if it's clear what's meant by that if you're not comfortable with the command line.

````suggestion
5. On the technical side, there are a ton of [`just`](https://github.com/casey/just) recipes to help you out. If you run `just` on its own in any Openverse repository, it will show you what recipes are available and what they do. `just lint`, `just test`, `just recreate`, we all run these so frequently!
```
# Run `just` in any of the Openverse repositories to see a list of available commands.
# This example is for the `WordPress/openverse` repository.
> just
Available recipes:
    default   # Show all available recipes
    install   # Install Python dependencies in Pipenv environments and JS dependencies
    precommit # Setup pre-commit as a Git hook
    lint      # Run pre-commit to lint and reformat all files
```
````

[List of Good First Issues](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-catalog+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-api+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-frontend+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+-label%3A%22%E2%9B%94+status%3A+blocked%22+-label%3A%22%F0%9F%94%92+staff+only%22+)

### 🤗 Friendly note for new comers

1. It is totally ok and even encouraged to do more than one "[good first issue](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-catalog+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-api+repo%3AWordPress%2Fopenverse-frontend+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+-label%3A%22%E2%9B%94+status%3A+blocked%22+-label%3A%22%F0%9F%94%92+staff+only%22+)"
2. All are welcome to write issues and the Openverse maintainers have deep gratitude for those who do. If you see something that could be worked on, each repository has a set of issue templates to help you get started writing issues:

>     * [`WordPress/openverse-frontend`](https://github.com/wordpress/openverse-frontend/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer 2: Removing this for consistency with the rest of the list:
```suggestion
    * [`WordPress/openverse-frontend`](https://github.com/wordpress/openverse-frontend/issues/new/choose)
```
